content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Xi Chapter Alumni Association"
---

Welcome to the Alumni Association of Xi Chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi, Inc. We represent the alumni of Xi Chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi Fraternity. We are a member of the Association of Independent Living Groups at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

TEP was founded at Columbia University in 1910 and from its founding days has been open to college men of any race or religion. We take pride in TEP’s egalitarian history, and we work to further that tradition by seeking to open membership in TEP Xi Chapter to all MIT students.

> The Creed of Tau Epsilon Phi
>
> TO LIVE in the light of Friendship—to judge our fellows not by their rank not wealth but by their worth as men—to hold eternally before us the memory of those > whom we have loved and lost—to hold forth in the solidarity of our brotherhood the nobility of action which will—make for the preservation of our highest and worthiest aim—and thus be true to the ideal of friendship—
>
> TO WALK in the path of Chivalry- to be honorable to all men and defend that honor—to fulfill our given pledge at all times—to be true to the precepts of knighthood and win the love and care of the women of our dreams—and thus be true to the ideal of chivalry—
>
> TO SERVE for the love of Service—to give unselfishly that which we may have to offer—to do voluntarily that which must be done —to revere God and to strive in His worship at all times—and thus be true to the ideal of service—
>
> TO PRACTICE each day friendship—chivalry—service—thus keeping true to these—the three ideals—of the founders of our fraternity—this is the Creed of Tau Epsilon Phi.

Commit message:

swap home page with about (#5)

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "About"
---

{{< figure src="/tep-alumni-website/img/xiohazard.png" position="center" >}}

The Alumni Association of Xi Chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi, Inc., or AlumXi, aim to promote fellowship and communication amongst current members and Alumni of of the Xi Chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi, to promote fellowship and communication between Xi and other Tau Epsilon Phi chapters, and to promote fellowship and communication between Xi and TEP National. We also aim to engage in activities that improve relations between Xi Chapter and the community, engage in activities that help provide safe and affordable housing for students, and to provide for scholastic, educational and managerial opportunities for the chapter and its members.

In addition to the TEP values of friendship, chivalry and service, Xi chapter and its alumni especially value and encourage quality, curiosity, passion, responsibility and humor.

| Colleen "College" Josephson | President                      |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Andrew Sudbury              | Vice-President                 |
| Niko Matsakis               | Treasurer and Registered Agent |
| Avril Kenney                | Secretary                      |
| Carrie Fowle                | Communications Manager         |
| Nick Matsakis               | Records Manager                |
| Baris Yuksel                | Fundraising Chair              |
| Del Merritt                 | Director                       |
| Ian Collier                 | Undergrad Liaison              |

To reach the executive board:

- You can email us at: execcom@alumxi.com

- Corporate Mailing Address:

  ```
  ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF XI CHAPTER OF TAU EPSILON PHI, INC.
  c/o AVRIL KENNEY
  1 FITCHBURG ST #B154
  SOMERVILLE, MA 02143
  ```
