content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
---

The Alumni Association of Xi Chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi, Inc., or AlumXi, aim to promote fellowship and communication amongst current members and Alumni of of the Xi Chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi, to promote fellowship and communication between Xi and other Tau Epsilon Phi chapters, and to promote fellowship and communication between Xi and TEP National. We also aim to engage in activities that improve relations between Xi Chapter and the community, engage in activities that help provide safe and affordable housing for students, and to provide for scholastic, educational and managerial opportunities for the chapter and its members.

In addition to the TEP values of friendship, chivalry and service, Xi chapter and its alumni especially value and encourage quality, curiosity, passion, responsibility and humor.

| David Lawrence    | President                      |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------ |
| College Josephson | Vice-President                 |
| Avril Kenney      | Treasurer and Registered Agent |
| Rob Calhoun       | Clerk                          |
| Andy Sudbury      | Director                       |

To reach the executive board:

- You can email us at: execcom@alumxi.com

- Corporate Mailing Address:

  ```
  ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF XI CHAPTER OF TAU EPSILON PHI, INC.
  c/o AVRIL KENNEY
  1 FITCHBURG ST #B154
  SOMERVILLE, MA 02143
  ```

Commit message:

consolidated donate pages, added placeholder page about capital campaign (#10)
* consolidated donate pages, added placeholder page about capital campaign

* run prettier format

* run hugo

* add message to prettier script

Co-authored-by: cjosephson <cjoseph@mit.edu>
Co-authored-by: Geoffrey Gilmore <ggilmore@geoffresonalmbp.lan>

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "Tau Epsilon Phi"
---

TEP was founded at Columbia University in 1910 and from its founding
days has been open to college men of any race or religion. We take
pride in TEP’s egalitarian history, and we work to further that
tradition by seeking to open membership in TEP Xi Chapter to all MIT
students.

# The Creed of Tau Epsilon Phi

TO LIVE in the light of Friendship—to judge our fellows not by their
rank not wealth but by their worth as men—to hold eternally before us
the memory of those whom we have loved and lost—to hold forth in the
solidarity of our brotherhood the nobility of action which will—make
for the preservation of our highest and worthiest aim—and thus be true
to the ideal of friendship—

TO WALK in the path of Chivalry- to be honorable to all men and defend
that honor—to fulfill our given pledge at all times—to be true to the
precepts of knighthood and win the love and care of the women of our
dreams—and thus be true to the ideal of chivalry—

TO SERVE for the love of Service—to give unselfishly that which we may
have to offer—to do voluntarily that which must be done —to revere God
and to strive in His worship at all times—and thus be true to the
ideal of service—

TO PRACTICE each day friendship—chivalry—service—thus keeping true to
these—the three ideals—of the founders of our fraternity—this is the
Creed of Tau Epsilon Phi.
