content/events/current.md, before:

---
title: "Upcoming Events"
---

#### 2020-10-29 The CROCK

The crock is going virtual! Join us for the first online edition of our beloved annual comic rock opera on Thursday, October 29, 2020 at 9:22 PM ET. It'll either be so good or so bad that you'll laugh and you'll cry.

NOTE: Event link was emailed out to drool on 10/23. We will not be posting it online, to avoid unwanted Zoom gremlins. Send us a message if you can't find it!

# Past events

#### 2020-08-02 Annual Meeting

For the first time ever, our annual meeting this year was virtual. We had 78
people attend.

#### 2020-07-22 tEp talks

The virtual tEpTalks are a place where tEps talk about their favorite things.
This time, we had two talks. Alexander Sasha Bouis spoke about retrieving
capsules from space launches, and Alex Hornstein talked about holographic
displays.

{{< rawhtml >}}

<div style="text-align:center">
<img  src="/img/IMG20200722.png" style="display: inline-block; vertical-align:middle" width="444">
</div>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

#### 2020-05-30 Tech Reunion Virtual Open House

On May 30th, MIT held a virtual open house for its alumni from around the world.
Teps were able to take a virtual walk through

#### 2020-02-15 init() 2020

The `init()` is our initiation ceremony, where we welcome new members to tEp and
the Xi Fellowship.

#### 2019-05-10 Centennial Celebration

2019 marked the 100th anniversary of the tEp Xi chapter at MIT. To celebrate, we
held a dinner at the Walker memorial that brought together current members of
tEp as well as past generations from all over the world. Before the dinner
itself, there were other events, including a party at the Boston Aquarium.

{{< rawhtml >}}

<div style="text-align:center">
<img  src="/img/IMG20191005.jpg" style="display: inline-block; vertical-align:middle" width="444">
</div>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

Commit message:

Changed donate shortcode to point to version of donate page that redirects to reward form. Also updated amount raised. (#19)
Co-authored-by: Colleen Josephson <cjoseph@PriceBook-Flair.local>

content/events/current.md, after:

---
title: "Upcoming Events"
---

#### 2020-2-26 Story Hour v2.2

By popular demand, our first event of 2021 will be another Story Hour at 9:22ET on Feb. 26. We'll be kicking off the event with a quick post-election "Meet the Board" event, plus a special announcement. Immediately following will be 2-3 icebreaker stories to get everyone warmed up for sharing their own. We hear that a few new peldges may even be joining us! Check your email for the zoom link.

NOTE: the first 45 minutes of this event strives to be family friendly. The second half will open up to allow less delicate language and content.

# Past events

#### 2020-12-16 tEp Talks/Story Hour

Our last event of 2020. We began with three speakers, Eric "UBoat" Wilhelm, Dmitry "Dima" Turbiner and Adam Goldstein, all telling stories about their entrepreneurial ventures. Following the Q&As, the floor opened up for people to share their favorite yarns from back in the day.

#### 2020-10-29 The CROCK

The crock is going virtual! Join us for the first online edition of our beloved annual comic rock opera on Thursday, October 29, 2020 at 9:22 PM ET. It'll either be so good or so bad that you'll laugh and you'll cry.

NOTE: Event link was emailed out to drool on 10/23. We will not be posting it online, to avoid unwanted Zoom gremlins. Send us a message if you can't find it!

#### 2020-08-02 Annual Meeting

For the first time ever, our annual meeting this year was virtual. We had 78
people attend.

#### 2020-07-22 tEp talks

The virtual tEpTalks are a place where tEps talk about their favorite things.
This time, we had three talks. Alexander Sasha Bouis spoke about retrieving
capsules from space launches, Schmooz talked about LIGO, and Alex Hornstein talked about holographic
displays.

{{< rawhtml >}}

<div style="text-align:center">
<img  src="/img/IMG20200722.png" style="display: inline-block; vertical-align:middle" width="444">
</div>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

#### 2020-05-30 Tech Reunion Virtual Open House

On May 30th, MIT held a virtual open house for its alumni from around the world.
Teps were able to take a virtual walk through

#### 2020-02-15 init() 2020

The `init()` is our initiation ceremony, where we welcome new members to tEp and
the Xi Fellowship.

#### 2019-05-10 Centennial Celebration

2019 marked the 100th anniversary of the tEp Xi chapter at MIT. To celebrate, we
held a dinner at the Walker memorial that brought together current members of
tEp as well as past generations from all over the world. Before the dinner
itself, there were other events, including a party at the Boston Aquarium.

{{< rawhtml >}}

<div style="text-align:center">
<img  src="/img/IMG20191005.jpg" style="display: inline-block; vertical-align:middle" width="444">
</div>
{{< /rawhtml >}}
